# 3. Alignment and Requesting (Creative) - optional

**Who**: AM, Client, Creatives \
**When**: If artwork creation is needed \
**Why:** To secure proper delivery of creative assets and timing of the launch.&#x20;

**How:** &#x20;

1.  If the client will create collaterals:\


    _i. Client to add their creatives team to the Viber group._&#x20;

    _ii. Client to request collateral details from their creative team._&#x20;

    _iii. AM to request the client copies._&#x20;

    _iv. AM to send the Facebook Paid Ads Creative Guidelines to the brand’s creative team._&#x20;

    _v. AM to set submission deadlines for the client and their team._&#x20;

_2. If GDEC will create collaterals (PIC: Gab, gi.cruz@greatdealscorp.com)_

**a**_**.**_ AM to create Viber group where the creatives team can send creative assets for approval with the naming convention: \[INT] X Creatives.\
\
If with GDEC KAM, set alignment date:\
&#x20;    _i. AM is to set expectations that KAM will be the one to request the collaterals._ \
&#x20;    _ii. AM is to set expectations on ways of working (lead time for setting up and approval)._ \
&#x20;    _iii. Proceed to step_\
\
**b.** Requesting of collaterals\
_i. If with GDEC KAM, KAM will request through their portal and send a heads-up message via Viber group with the creatives._ \
_ii. If without GDEC KAM, PMA to send requests via the portal and give heads up via the Viber group with the creatives._ \
\
**c.** Proceed with step 4\
\
**Other key points/references:**&#x20;

* [GDEC Collateral Request Traffix Portal](https://gdeccreatives.wixsite.com/creativartwork) :Password: creatives1234&#x20;
* [Facebook Paid Ads Creative Guidelines](https://traffixph.sharepoint.com/sites/Traffix/\_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=k1TfhgB0nXIE8wTgin4SMLgGEX4TVx6irDVGyL%2FzRtY%3D\&docid=2\_19a1dd185692342d4b75f34c4d4a0c730\&rev=1\&e=1emfU4)&#x20;
* Follow-up guidelines : PMA to follow-up status via Viber after 2 days and reiterate the deadline



\
