# 5. Lazada Catalog Request

**Who:** Paid Social Media Lead (PSM Lead) \
**When:** After completing all the Lazada steps above, creating ad account and giving of access to Lazada Facebook Business Account. \
**Why:** To request catalog and MSP access.&#x20;

**How:**&#x20;

1. PSM Lead is to send an email to Lazada. See email template below:

_<mark style="color:blue;">Hello \<Lazada rep’s name>,</mark>_&#x20;

_<mark style="color:blue;">Good day! How are you? I hope you are doing well. I would like to request an access to \<Brand>’s catalog. \<Lazada KAM> is the KAM managing the brand. I attached the brand request form, screenshot of the proof of View Access, and other details you need:</mark>_  \
\
_<mark style="color:blue;">Business ID:</mark>_ \
_<mark style="color:blue;">Ad account ID:</mark>_ \
_<mark style="color:blue;">Store Link:</mark>_ \
_<mark style="color:blue;">Lazada eligibility form</mark>_ \
_<mark style="color:blue;">Screenshot of ad account view access (Business Settings > Ad Account > Partners)</mark>_&#x20;



**Other key points and resources:**&#x20;

* If the client is not eligible for CPAS, do not request for catalog access and remove Lazada eligibility form.&#x20;
* [Lazada x Traffix (GDEC) MSP CPAS Brand Requests List](https://traffixph.sharepoint.com/sites/Traffix/\_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=7aZMg6%2Bd1yIzQFvPGJEcZOP76Dlk4r%2Fi%2FO%2BrHrLdVDg%3D\&docid=2\_1c9a7c18f83cd4dc08c63d7e68d435c60\&rev=1\&e=l4REHe) &#x20;
* [Onboarding Digital Marketing Questionnaire](https://forms.office.com/Pages/DesignPage.aspx?fragment=FormId%3DCjBJjfSkb0O\_m995etRMdLCM50Xk\_rdDqhSezyYzsGZUMjVPOVIySEwxS05GSzZFRFNSUFNZTTNaMCQlQCN0PWcu%26Token%3D0ad35308dbc84230b5623530b59c29e5) (ODMQ)&#x20;
* Lazada Representatives:  \
  _<mark style="color:blue;">-</mark>_ Yves Corcuera: yves.c@lazada.com.ph  \
  \- Noelle Amba: noellenicole.amba@lazada.com.ph&#x20;
* Request sending schedule and turnaround time\
  \- Turnaround time: 1-2 weeks. \
  \- INTERNAL] Fulfilment request – Friday 11AM  \
  \- Compilation and sending of requirements to Lazada – Friday 3pm  \
  \- \[EXTERNAL] Lazada processing of request:  Monday – Tuesday the week after &#x20;
* Follow-up guidelines \
  \- Manager to send follow-up email after 2 days of non-response from Lazada.&#x20;
