# 1a. Shopee UTM Creation

**Who**: PMA \
**When**: Before launching the campaign  \
**Why**: To create UTM links to attach on the set up on Facebook, Tiktok, Google, etc.&#x20;

**How:** &#x20;

1. Sign into the Brand Portal with your credentials&#x20;
2. Go to Marketing Solutions.&#x20;
3. On the left side menu bar, click Generate Tracking Code under Tracking Code.&#x20;
4. On Campaign Information\
   i. Shop: click the brand’s shop \
   ii. Campaign description: input name of the campaign. \
   &#x20;   \- If there is barter, input exact name of the campaign (ex: BeautyCircle, 33Sale) \
   &#x20;   \- If there is no barter, input month when campaign is set to launch (ex: March) \
   iii. Campaign type: Select Featuring One Shop.
5. On Ads Information,\
   i. Channel: Select based on your need:\
   \- Facebook Ads: If non-CPAS \
   \- Facebook Collaborative Ads - Traffics: If Traffic Campaign \
   \- Facebook Collaborative Ads - Sales: If CPAS\
   \- Tiktok Ads: For Paid ads on Tiktok. \
   \- Google Search: SEM campaign \
   \- Google non-search: for other campaigns. \
   \
   ii. Ad format: Select based on your set up on Facebook Ades manager.\
   \- For multiple ad format set up, select ‘Any ads type’.\
   \
   iii. Ad Content: Input name of the campaign (if there is barter) or the month when campaign is set to launch and the campaign type (ex: Hygienix33CPAS, MarchCPAS)\
   \
   iv. URL: Input landing page for the campaign.\
   \- Add URL if multiple landing pages is required on the set up.\
   \
   v. Click Duplicate and input details if there is a need for multiple UTM links.\
   \
   vi. Select Generate Universal Link.\


**Other key points and resources:**&#x20;

* [Shopee Brand Portal](https://brandportal.shopee.com/)&#x20;
* [Shopee MSP Usage Guideline ](https://traffixph.sharepoint.com/sites/Traffix/\_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=doHk7ZQAL4wkVsU1Yn3X9c0xZreixh2j5Eyqcldgym0%3D\&docid=2\_13a6e2cbaa9af4ac78cba1643588a132a\&rev=1\&e=gxWd4u)&#x20;
* Instances for duplication:&#x20;
* There are different channels or ad content names.&#x20;
* Wanted to have separate UTM links for each ad format.&#x20;



\
\
