# 1b. Lazada UTM Creation

**Who:** PMA \
**When:** Before launching the campaign  \
**Why:** To create UTM links to attach on the set up on Facebook, Tiktok, Google, etc.&#x20;

**How**: &#x20;

1. Sign in on the Seller Center with your credentials&#x20;
2. On the left side menu bar under Marketing Center, click Sponsored Solutions.&#x20;
3. Under the Sponsored Solutions Overview, click the ‘New’ under the External Traffic Campaign.&#x20;
4. On the Campaign Details, \
   i. Campaign name: use the template: .mad\_\_date created\
   &#x20;  \- If there is barter, input exact name of the campaign (ex: .mad\_Hygienix33\_022822)    \
   &#x20;  \- If there is no barter, input month when campaign is set to launch (ex: .mad\_March\_022822) \
   ii. Campaign Objective: Select Prospecting + Re-engagement \
   iii. Start Date: Input start date of your campaign.&#x20;
5. On the Sellers: Select the brand.&#x20;
6.  On channel, \
    i. Ad network: Select based on your need:\
    &#x20; \- Facebook: for Facebook ads \
    &#x20; \- Tiktok Ads: for Tiktok ads. \
    &#x20; \- Google Search: SEM campaign \
    &#x20; \- Google - Social \
    &#x20; \- Google display \
    \
    ii. Site/Campaign Site: Select based on Platform. If:\
    &#x20; \- Facebook: Select Mix \
    &#x20; \- Tiktok: Select APP. \
    \
    iii. Placement/Ad Format: Select based on your need:\
    &#x20; \- campaign. \
    &#x20; \- Facebook Mix: If campaign is non-CPAS \
    &#x20; \- Tiktok ad: In-feed video \
    \
    iv. Ad Content: Input name of the campaign (if there is barter) or the month when campaign is set to launch and the campaign type (ex: Hygienix33CPAS, MarchCPAS)\
    \
    v. Landing Page: Input the landing page for the campaign.\
    \
    vi. Final URL Setting: select Fallback\
    \
    vii. Click Add channel\
    &#x20; \- If there is a need to create another UTM link and input needed details. Repeat previous     \
    &#x20;    steps. \
    &#x20; \- Note: Need to have an extra channel to make sure that all details you input will show up on \
    &#x20;    the Review section. \
    \
    viii. Click Next step > Review\
    &#x20; \- Check if the details are complete.\
    \
    ix.  Select Submit.\
    \


    **Other key points and resources:**&#x20;

    * [Lazada Seller Center](https://sellercenter.lazada.com.ph/apps/seller/login?redirect\_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsellercenter.lazada.com.ph%2F)&#x20;
    * [Lazada MSP Guide](https://traffixph.sharepoint.com/sites/Traffix/\_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=Qlgbk7AdlHHGyU6soo6mOsqPOw4%2FuK6IT8jsJoq1I0s%3D\&docid=2\_110a50ce78d2e478fad19a9a71c3bbdd0\&rev=1\&e=tA7S0Y)&#x20;
