# 2a. Shopee UTM set up on Facebook

**Who:** PMA \
**When:** After creating the UTM links and before launching the campaigns \
**Why**: To track the actions users take through the marketplace platform&#x20;

**How**: &#x20;

1. Login to Brand Portal and got to Marketing Solutions.&#x20;
2. On the left-side menu bar, click Tracking Code List under Tracking Code.&#x20;
3. Open the brand’s Content Reference file and copy the generated UTM details on the brand’s content reference. \
   i. Campaign Name: Paste the UTM Campaign name from Brand Portal. \
   ii. Parameter links: Paste the UTM Tracking Parameter from Brand Portal. \
   iii. Landing Page URL: Paste the final Tracking URL from Brand Portal.&#x20;
4. When setting up on Ads Manager on the Ads level,\
   i. Open the Content Reference Excel file. \
   ii. On the Ads Manager at the Ads level, select all the ads that need to have the same UTM link.\
   iii. Click Edit.\
   iv. Go to the bottom part and click Build a URL Parameter. \
   &#x20;   \- Campaign Name: Paste the UTM Campaign name \
   &#x20;   \- Campaign Content: Paste the Parameter links. \
   &#x20;   \- Click Apply. \
   v. Paste the final Tracking URL on the landing page and See More URL (if applicable). \
   vi. Complete set up, review and click Publish. \
   vii. Turn off the new campaign/ads setup.&#x20;



**Other key points and resources:**&#x20;

* [Content Reference Template](https://traffixph.sharepoint.com/sites/Traffix/\_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=e3BpXsbHFf8Q8pQTjuIf6OYT0yvJXExAvMzwGt5%2Fi9w%3D\&docid=2\_13b002b87c1e94ab1b620ca77cb8af075\&rev=1\&e=ITvoua)&#x20;
* [Shopee Brand Portal](https://brandportal.shopee.com/)&#x20;
* [Shopee MSP Usage Guideline](https://traffixph.sharepoint.com/sites/Traffix/\_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=doHk7ZQAL4wkVsU1Yn3X9c0xZreixh2j5Eyqcldgym0%3D\&docid=2\_13a6e2cbaa9af4ac78cba1643588a132a\&rev=1\&e=gxWd4u)
