# 2b. Lazada UTM set up on Facebook

**Who:** PMA \
**When:** After creating the UTM links and before launching the campaigns \
**Why:** To track the actions users take through the marketplace platform&#x20;

**How:** &#x20;

1. Login to the Seller Center.&#x20;
2. On the left side menu bar under Marketing Center, click Sponsored Solutions.&#x20;
3. Under the Sponsored Solutions Overview, click ‘Manage’ under the External Traffic Campaign.&#x20;
4. Go to Traffic Campaign.&#x20;
5. Find the UTM Parameter created and click ‘Copy Link’&#x20;
6. PMA is to copy the generate UTM details on the brand’s content reference. \
   i. Campaign Name: Input n/a. \
   ii. Parameter links: Paste the URL Parameters from the seller center. \
   iii. Landing Page URL:  \
   &#x20;  \- For CPAS: Paste the Original URL from the seller center. \
   &#x20;  \- For non-CPAS: Paste the Final URL from the Seller Center.&#x20;
7. When setting up on Ads Manager on the Ads level,\
   i. Open the Content Reference Excel file. \
   ii. On the Ads Manager at the Ads level, select all the ads that need to have the same UTM link.\
   iii. Click Edit. \
   iv. Paste the landing page from the content reference on the destination/See More/landing page. \
   v. Go to the bottom part and paste the Parameter link on the bar under the URL Parameters. \
   &#x20;  \- Note: Applicable for CPAS only (Catalog Sales Objective).
8. Complete set up, review, and click Publish.

**Other key points and resources:**&#x20;

* [Content Reference Template](https://traffixph.sharepoint.com/sites/Traffix/\_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=e3BpXsbHFf8Q8pQTjuIf6OYT0yvJXExAvMzwGt5%2Fi9w%3D\&docid=2\_13b002b87c1e94ab1b620ca77cb8af075\&rev=1\&e=ITvoua)&#x20;
* [Lazada Seller Center](https://sellercenter.lazada.com.ph/apps/seller/login?redirect\_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsellercenter.lazada.com.ph%2F)&#x20;
* [Lazada MSP Guide](https://traffixph.sharepoint.com/sites/Traffix/\_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=Qlgbk7AdlHHGyU6soo6mOsqPOw4%2FuK6IT8jsJoq1I0s%3D\&docid=2\_110a50ce78d2e478fad19a9a71c3bbdd0\&rev=1\&e=tA7S0Y)&#x20;
