# 8a. Setting up the catalog through Flexify (main workflow)

**Who:** PMA/Client \
**When:** During the call after the Pixel has been shared. \
**Why:** To sync the Shopify catalog to Facebook Business Manager.&#x20;

**How:**&#x20;

1. Go to the brand’s Shopify account > Apps store &#x20;
2. Install Flexify: Facebook Product Feed &#x20;
3. Switch to version 2.0 (2.3) (Optional)&#x20;
4. Copy product feed URL \
   _i._ _If the client is the one creating the product feed, client is to share the product feed URL to PMA._\

5. PMA is to go to .madDigitals’ Facebook Business Manager &#x20;
6. Click on the 3 lines above and select Business Settings&#x20;
7.  On the left menu bar, click Data Sources > Catalogs \
    _i. Click the Add button and select Create a New Catalog_ &#x20;

    _ii. Catalog Name: GDEC\_BRAND\_Webstore;_ &#x20;

    _iii. Type: select Products and click Create Catalog._  \

8. On the pop up, click on the PMAs who will handle and QA/topline\
   _i. Tick Manage catalog and click Assign._\

9. In the upper right corner, click Open on Commerce Manager.\
   _i. Go to Items_ \
   _ii. On the upper right corner, click Add items_ \
   _iii. Select Add multiple items_ \
   _iv. Select Data Feed and click Next_ \
   _v. Select Scheduled Feed and click Next_ \
   _vi. Paste Data Feed URL given by the client and click Next_ \
   _vii. Select Hourly upload and start upload._&#x20;



**Other key points/references:**&#x20;

* If PMA was able to get appropriate access (refer to step 6), PMA will do all of the steps.&#x20;
* If she was not able to get access, PMA is to guide the client from steps 1-4. PMA will do steps 5-9.&#x20;
