# 1. Intro via email and contract creation and sending to client

**Who:** Digital Marketing Head (DM Head) and Lead. \
**When:** Upon successful pitch \
**Why:** To kickstart onboarding \
\
**How:**

1. Digital Marketing Head or Sales Manager is to introduce the new brand to a Lead via email. \

2. The Sales Manager is to share the signed contract via email to a Lead and to the billing and collections team. \

3. The Accounting Associate is to send Customer and Supplier Accreditation forms for the client to fill out and other billing details needed via email. accounting Associate is to acknowledge the email and start processing the files and update trackers. \

4. Client to fill up the files and send the details and files needed to the Accounting Associate. \

5. The accounting Associate is to request SAF account creation. Once the account is created, Accounting Associate is to create the advance billing and have it approved, and sent to the client. \

6. The client is to settle the payment. \

7. DM Head to add a Lead to the Viber group.  \

8. If there’s no Viber group yet, the Lead is to request the client’s contact number and set up Viber group named: BRAND | .madDigital \

9. Proceed to step 2. \


**Other key points/references:**&#x20;

* The accounting billing process takes about 4 days from the day the client sent the requirements needed.&#x20;
* Patrick Clemencia - p.clemencia@madagency.ph
* Marwin Malaki - [m.malaki@greatdealscorp.com](mailto:m.malaki@greatdealscorp.com)&#x20;
* Follow-up guidelines&#x20;
* Send a follow-up email after 2 days of non-response from the client.&#x20;
