# 1b. Gaining access/creation of Tiktok Ad Account and FDA approval

**Who:** PMA, Paid Social Media Lead (PSM Lead), and Client \
**When:** After the initial call  \
**Why:** To gain access to the ad account that will be used.&#x20;

**How:** &#x20;

1.  If the client will use .madDigitials’ Business Center, PMA is to request a business license from the brand that proves the legal existence of the company. \
    \
    _**a.** After getting the document from the client, PSM Lead is to go to Tiktok Business Center > Ad Account and select Create New:_ \
    \
    _i. Company: Brand Name_ \
    _ii. Select industry and place of registration_ \
    _iii. Account type: Choose Ads Manager account._ \
    _iv. Add account naming convention:_&#x20;

    &#x20;    .mad\_BRAND NAME(AM/R)\_SH &#x20;

    &#x20;    .mad\_BRAND NAME(AM/R)\_LAZ &#x20;

    &#x20;    .mad\_BRAND NAME(AM/R)\_WEB &#x20;

    &#x20;    .mad\_BRAND NAME(AM/R)\_Tiktok \
    \
    _v. Timezone: Choose (UTC+08:00) Asia/Manila_ \
    _vi. Company website: enter the URL where we will drive traffic and click next._ \
    _vii. Upload the business license of the client._ \
    _vii._ Input business license certificate no. \
    _viii. Click Submit for Tiktok’s review._ \
    \
    **b.** If the client will use their own Business Center, PSM Lead is to request access to their BC account.&#x20;

    _i. PSM Lead is to go to Tiktok Business Center > Ad Account._&#x20;

    _ii. Select request access._&#x20;

    _iii. Ask the client for their brand’s Ad Account ID (Tiktok Business Center > Ad Account)_ \
    _iv. Paste ad account ID._ \
    _v. Select Operator Access Permission_ \
    _vi. Click Send._ \

2. PMA is to request FDA approvals of all products to be advertised by the client. \

3. Proceed to step 2.&#x20;



**Other key points/references:**&#x20;

* Account type: Only choose a reservation account if the client will only reserve campaigns with large budgets.&#x20;
* Timezone: If traffic will be driven outside the Philippines, select the timezone to which we will drive traffic.&#x20;
* Ad Account Request: Ask Clients to go to the Notifications Center on TikTok Ads Manager where they can find and accept the invitation from Business Center in the message list.&#x20;
* Follow-up guidelines. PMA to follow up status via Viber after 1 day and reiterate the deadline.&#x20;
* Ad Account Creation review time: 2-3 days&#x20;
