# 7a. Alignment and Collateral Request for Facebook

**Who:** PMA and Client, and Creatives team \
**When:** After confirming who will create collaterals. This is to be done while CPAS onboarding is in-progress(if there will be a CPAS campaign). \
**Why:** To secure proper delivery of creative assets and timing of the launch.&#x20;

**How:**&#x20;

1. If client will create collaterals \
   **a.** Client to add their creatives team to the Viber group. \
   **b.** Client to request collateral details to their creatives team. \
   **c.** PMA to request to client the copies. \
   **d.** PMA to send the Facebook Paid Ads Creative Guidelines to the brand’s creative team. \
   **e.** PMA to set submission deadline to client and their team. \

2.  If GDEC will create collaterals (PIC: Gab [gi.cruz@greatdealscorp.com](mailto:gi.cruz@greatdealscorp.com))&#x20;

    **a.** PMA to create a Viber group where Creatives team can send creative assets for approval with naming convention: \[INT] \<BRAND> X Creatives&#x20;

    \
    If with GDEC KAM, set alignment date:

    i. PMA is to set expectations that KAM will be the one to request the collaterals.&#x20;

    ii. PMA is to set expectations on ways of working (lead time for set up and approval).&#x20;

    iii. Proceed to step b.&#x20;

    \
    **b.** If without GDEC KAM, PMA is to request/follow up the brand bible and assets from the client to be sent to the Creatives Team. Proceed to step c. \
    \
    **c.** Requesting of collaterals:

    i. If with GDEC KAM, KAM will request through their portal and send a heads-up message via Viber group with the creatives.&#x20;

    ii. If without GDEC KAM, PMA to send request via portal and give heads up via the Viber group with the creatives.\
    &#x20;
3.  PMA to request caption and headline from Client.&#x20;

    **a.** If client also availed the SMM services, PMA is to request caption and headline from .madDigitals’ Copywriter. \

4. Proceed to step 8



**Other key points/references:**&#x20;

* [GDEC Collateral Request Traffix Portal](https://gdeccreatives.wixsite.com/creativartwork)&#x20;
* [Facebook Paid Ads Creative Guidelines](https://traffixph.sharepoint.com/sites/Traffix/\_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=k1TfhgB0nXIE8wTgin4SMLgGEX4TVx6irDVGyL%2FzRtY%3D\&docid=2\_19a1dd185692342d4b75f34c4d4a0c730\&rev=1\&e=1emfU4)&#x20;
* Follow-up guidelines &#x20;
* PMA to follow-up status via Viber after 3 days and reiterate deadline.&#x20;
