# 7b. Content Request for Tiktok

**Who:** Client, Paid Social Media Lead (PSM Lead), and PMA \
**When:** After the initial call. \
**Why:** To get the video codes to get access o the content.&#x20;

**How:**&#x20;

1.  If existing posts are to be boosted as ad,\
    _**a.** PMA is to give the video codes generation instruction file to the client._ \
    _**b.** Client is to give the instruction file to the person who is managing their account or to their influencer(if we will use their content). Instruction should include:_ \
    _i._ Duration: Must be at least 60 days. \
    _ii. Video content: All contents for the whole month must be sent._ \
    \
    **c.** _Social Media Manager or influencer to share the code/s to the client._\
    _**d.** Client to share the code/s to PMA_&#x20;

    _**e.** PMA Lead to go to Tiktok Ads Manager > Spark ads posts_ \
    _i._ Enter the Tiktok post code. \
    _ii. Alternative step is PMA can paste the Tiktok post code while setting up the campaign at the ads level._ \

2. If client will send collateral and copies, client is to send the collaterals and copies through e-mail with the following guidelines:\
   **a.** Video\
   _i. Vertical format_\
   \
   _**b**. Caption_\
   _i. No emojis_\
   _ii. 100 character limit_ \
   _iii. Use branded and generic hashtag_\

3.  Proceed to step 8.&#x20;

    &#x20;

    **Other key points/reference:**&#x20;

    * [Use Authorized Accounts or Posts From Other Creators](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article?aid=10007470)&#x20;
    * [How to Link a Tiktok Account to a Tiktok for Business Account](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article?aid=10001864)&#x20;
    * [Spark ads video code generation instruction](https://traffixph.sharepoint.com/sites/Traffix/\_layouts/15/guestaccess.aspx?guestaccesstoken=S5EK6cVh1AcFGAmfErxMxCE9AY3iLMteJn0OKscsNfk%3D\&docid=2\_17cc8f4de37c346899ae5a5129830b578\&rev=1\&e=TtZTfI)&#x20;
